Add more docs for summarizing technologies. (#8236)
google/iree: docs/website/docs/reference/glossary.md

executing Machine Learning models, specifically focusing on Google's
TPUs.

## MLIR

[Multi Level Intermediate Representation](https://mlir.llvm.org/) is
the compiler framework that IREE is built around. Beyond the tooling
this includes a set of common dialects and transformations that IREE
utilizes for it's code generation system.

For general discussion on MLIR see the projects
[discourse](https://discourse.llvm.org/c/mlir/31) group.

## LinAlg

[Linalg](https://mlir.llvm.org/docs/Dialects/Linalg/) is an MLIR dialect
that defines how Linalg Algebra operations can be described in a
generalized fashion, including a set of commonly used linear algebra
operations. IREE's codegen defines tensor operations using the Linalg
dialect, and is used to generate the loop structures for the CPU and
GPU backends.

## SPIR-V

[SPIR-V](https://www.khronos.org/spir/) kernel language for expressing
parallel computation typically used for accelerators. It serves as
a hardware agnostic assembly format for distributing complex,
computationally complex programs. It is the preferred method for
shipping platform agnostic binaries to run on GPUs.

## TOSA

> [TOSA](https://developer.mlplatform.org/w/tosa/) defines a set of common
> tensor operations to most machine learning frameworks. TOSA's defines
> a simple intermediate representation for ingesting ML models. This simplifies
> model compilation by targetting multiple front-end languages to TOSA's
> intermediate IR which guarantees efficient execution across multiple device
> types.
> 
> IREE uses TOSA as a prioritized ingestion dialect, transforming multiple
> ML-platform ingestion formats into a TOSA compatible set of operations.
> Changes to the TOSA specification require submitting a proposal on
> TOSA's platform development
> [page](https://developer.mlplatform.org/w/tosa/#:~:text=Specification%20Contributions)

Reviewer: A few suggestions in here:

* rephrasing some redundant sentences
* "guarantees efficient execution" -> "without compromising on the ability to achieve efficient execution" ;)
* expand the link title for TOSA's "platform development page" from just "page", so it is easier to click

```suggestion
The [TOSA](https://developer.mlplatform.org/w/tosa/) specification defines a
set of common tensor operations to most machine learning frameworks.
This simplifies model compilation as separate front-end frameworks can target
TOSA's intermediate representation without compromising on the ability to
achieve efficient execution across multiple device types.

IREE uses the TOSA MLIR dialect as a prioritized ingestion format, transforming
multiple ML-platform ingestion formats into a TOSA compatible set of operations.

Changes to the TOSA specification require submitting a proposal on TOSA's
[platform development page](https://developer.mlplatform.org/w/tosa/#:~:text=Specification%20Contributions)
```

## TFLite

[TensorFlow lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite) is a model format and
execution system for performing on device inference. IREE supports TFLite

> flatbuffers translation into [TOSA](#tosa-dialect) operations and compilation

Reviewer: is this `#tosa-dialect` link correct, with the changes to the page structure?

Author: Fixed, should not have been #tosa-dialect
